1. Product Idea and Preparation
Businesses are becoming increasingly concerned about cyber attacks because they run the danger of
suffering monetary losses, data breaches, and harm to their brand. Our initiative tackles this issue by
offering comprehensive reporting, awareness training, and controlled cybersecurity testing, including
phishing simulations and vulnerability assessments, to increase corporate resilience against actual
cyberthreats.
1.1. Product idea
Our mentor, Jr. Assistant Professor Beldyga Natalia Ewa, gave the suggestion to team K553 which
was originally denominated "Preparedness, Resilience, and Response Capacity of the Civilian
Population to Crisis and Emergency". With this premise, we honed our area of expertise into the
research question of "How could we assist university students and staff to engage immediately in the
event of a cyberattack on the university information system, while protecting data and ensuring
business continuity?"
At first, we thought a real-time warning assistant for cybersecurity would be a good proposal, capable
of identifying a threat, guiding the individuals through the steps of responding, while educating the
individual about safe digital practices. But by week 5, when we started to market research, we saw
that our solution would need to economically sustainable. This led us to restate the initiative as a
cybersecurity risk assessment service for businesses.
Thus, our project is a cybersecurity vulnerability assessment service that enables businesses to
identify vulnerabilities through simulated cyberattacks, which includes actionable recommendations
for improved security. The service includes:
1. Simulated Cyber Attacks – Performing controlled phishing attacks, penetration testing and
vulnerability assessments to uncover security vulnerabilities.
2. Security Reporting – Providing businesses with extensive reporting and recommendations to
improve their cybersecurity practices.
3. Cyber Awareness Training – Offering educational courses and workshops to help employees
recognize and prevent cyber threats.
The goal is to enhance cybersecurity awareness and resilience among businesses by identifying risks
before real attackers exploit them. The service is targeted at companies that want to test their security
measures, educate employees, and comply with industry security standards.
On the attached figures 1 our webpage mockup could be seen. The main page will show “Dashboard”
with the plot of finished simulated phishing for example. Then, there are few pie charts like: “Email
sent”, “Email Opened”, “Clicked Link” and “Submitted Data” which are pretty self explanatory. Next
there will be a list of “Recent Campaigns”.
On Figure 2 would be seen more detailed results of selected campaign.
10
.
Fig. 1. Screenshot of mock-up of product webpage with core features user will be able to see
11
Fig. 2. Screenshot of mock-up of product webpage with core features user will be able to see
The included figures demonstrate a potential web-based interface to track phishing simulation
campaigns. Figure 1 depicts an overall dashboard used to visualize key performance indicators
relevant to simulated phishing attempts. There are visual data displays showing the user engagement
indicators and the outcomes of the campaigns, all in support of assessing overall security awareness
levels. A summary of past campaigns also appears to ease access to ongoing past/present simulations.
Figure 2 outlines more detailed reporting methodologies for each campaign, allowing an analysis of
the individual campaign results. This reporting format will allow the organizations to maintain
tracking of the progress of their cyber training activities and enhance its effectiveness.